;lint
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.C%2B%2B_using_cppcheck.zip Linter for C++, using cppcheck
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.C%2B%2B_using_cpplint.zip Linter for C++, using cpplint
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.CSS_using_csslint.zip Linter for CSS, using csslint, requires Node.js
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.Go_using_golint.zip Linter for Go, using golint
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.Go_using_gotype.zip Linter for Go, using gotype
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.Go_using_go-vet.zip Linter for Go, using "go vet"
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.HTML_using_htmltidy.zip Linter for HTML, using HTML Tidy
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.Java_using_javac.zip Linter for Java, using javac
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.JavaScript_using_jsl.zip Linter for JavaScript, using JSL
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.Lua_using_luac.zip Linter for Lua, using luac
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.Modelica_using_moparser.zip Linter for Modelica, using MoParser (Windows only)
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.Python_using_pylint.zip Linter for Python, using PyLint
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.Python_using_pep8.zip Linter for Python, using PEP8
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.JSON_using_python-json.zip Linter for JSON, using python-json
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.PHP_using_phpl.zip Linter for PHP, using "php -l"
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.PHP_using_phplint.zip Linter for PHP, using phplint
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.Ruby_using_ruby.zip Linter for Ruby, using ruby
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.XML_using_xmllint-libxml2.zip Linter for XML, using xmllint-libxml2
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/linters/linter.YAML_using_pyyaml.zip Linter for YAML, using pyyaml (only Linux/OSX yet)
;plugins
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.ASCII_Art.zip Allows to insert text formatted via ASCII-art fonts
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.AStyle_Format.zip Formats code for C, C++, C#, Java, using AStyle library
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Backup_File.zip Makes backup-copy of current file, with time-stamp
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Base_Encoder.zip Allows to encode/decode text in Base64, Base32, Base16, Quoted-Printable, Unicode-Escape
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Brackets_Hilite.zip Highlights pair brackets for caret position, when caret moves
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Carets_Numbering.zip Inserts increasing numbers at all multi-carets positions
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Case_Converter.zip Converts ids between several cases (snake_case, camelCase, PascalCase etc)
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.CBlock.zip For selected lines, adds indent and surrounds with { } brackets
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Color_Picker.zip Shows color-picker dialog, inserts color #rrggbb
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Complete_From_Text.zip Handles Ctrl+Space, gives list of words from current file
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Config_Icons.zip Allows to choose icon-set for toolbar
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.CSS_AutoPrefixer.zip Inserts vendor prefixes into CSS code (requires Node.js)
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.CSS_CanIUse.zip For CSS, shows info about selected word from CanIUse.com site
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.CSS_Comb.zip Sorts CSS properties in specific order (CSScomb engine)
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.CSS_Format.zip Formats/indents CSS code
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.CSS_Minifier.zip Makes CSS code compact
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.CSS_Prefixer.zip Inserts vendor prefixes into CSS code
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.CudaLint.zip Linting (syntax-checking) of source code
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.DevDocs.zip Performs search on DevDocs site
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.DocBlock_Comments.zip Helps to type DocBlock comments, for JS/PHP lexers
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Emmet_Lite_WindowsOnly.zip Emmet engine, see www.emmet.io
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Encode.zip Converts text using many "codings", "transformations"
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Extract_Emails.zip Finds emails in current file
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Extract_Strings.zip Shows dialog to enter regex, regex will find list of strings
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.FTP.zip FTP client: download, upload, create/delete files/dirs
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Hex_Dump.zip Shows text in hex-dump format
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Hilite_All_Occurrences.zip Highlights all occurrences of selected word
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Hilite_Occurrences_New.zip Highlights all occurrences of selected/current word
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.HTML_Beautify.zip Formats/indents HTML code, uses engine from HTMLBeautify
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.HTML_Class_Complete.zip Auto-completes CSS class names, in HTML code
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.HTML_Image_Tag.zip Inserts IMG tag with info about selected image file
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.HTML_Lines_To_List.zip Converts lines to HTML list: <ul>, <ol>, <table>
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.HTML_Preview.zip Previews HTML text in browser
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.HTML_Tidy.zip Validates HTML documents using Tidy tool
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.HTML_Validator.zip Validates HTML documents using online W3C checkers
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Increment.zip Increases/decreases value under caret (HTML, CSS)
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Ini_Sort.zip For ini file, sorts all sections
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Insert_Numbers.zip Allows to insert increasing numbers into text
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Insert_Time.zip Inserts current date/time into text
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Insert_Unicode_Char.zip Inserts Unicode char after entering its hex code
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Install_From_Github.zip Allows to install plugin from Github URL
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.JS_Format.zip Formats JavaScript or JSON code
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.JS_Minifier.zip Makes JavaScript code compact
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.JS_Sort_Imports.zip Sorts import-lines in JavaScript
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Lorem_Ipsum.zip Inserts "Lorem Ipsum" text
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Markdown_Preview.zip Previews Markdown text as HTML in browser
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Numbered_Bookmarks.zip Allows to set/goto numbered bookmarks (1..9)
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Num_To_Words_Propis.zip Converts numbers to words, Rus lang
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Num_To_Words.zip Converts numbers to words
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Online_Search.zip Opens browser with search for selected text
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Python_Fix_Imports.zip Corrects import-statements in Python file (see readme)
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Python_Intel.zip Intelligence for Python: auto-completion, goto-definition
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.reStructuredText_Preview.zip Previews reStructuredText file as HTML in browser
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Ruby_Format.zip Formats Ruby source code
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Snippets.zip Support for snippets in CudaText, see wiki
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Sort.zip Gives dialog and commands to sort text
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Sort_By_Length.zip Sorts entire text by length of lines
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Spell_Checker.zip Spell checker, shows underlines for wrong words
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.SQL_Format.zip Formats SQL code (using sqlparse library)
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Sum_Lines.zip Calculates sum/min/max/avg of numbers in lines
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Switch_Header.zip Switches file pairs: c<>h, cpp<>h, cc<>h, asm<>inc
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Tabs_List.zip Shows in side-panel list of tabs
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Text_Statistics.zip Calcs for text: count of lines, words, letters
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.Web_Font.zip Inserts into CSS code fonts from webfont.ru
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.XML_Format.zip Formats XML code (uses xmlpp library)
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.XML_Tidy.zip Formats XML code (using xml.dom library)
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/plugins/plugin.YAML_Format.zip Formats YAML code (using pyyaml library)
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/snippets/snippets.AutoIt.zip Snippets for AutoIt
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/snippets/snippets.C_C++.zip Snippets for C, C++
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/snippets/snippets.CSS_Reset.zip Snippet CSS-Reset for CSS
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/snippets/snippets.FakeImg.zip Snippet for FakeImg site
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/snippets/snippets.HTML_Handlebars.zip Snippets for "HTML Handlebars"
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/snippets/snippets.Java.zip Snippets for Java
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/snippets/snippets.Lua.zip Snippets for Lua
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/snippets/snippets.Markdown.zip Snippets for Markdown
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/snippets/snippets.nnCron.zip Snippets for nnCron
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/snippets/snippets.Pascal.zip Snippets for Pascal
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/snippets/snippets.PHP.zip Snippets for PHP
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/snippets/snippets.Python.zip Snippets for Python
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/translations/translation.cz_CZ.zip
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/translations/translation.de_DE.zip
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/translations/translation.el_GR.zip
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/translations/translation.es_ES.zip
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/translations/translation.es_VE.zip
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/translations/translation.fr_FR.zip
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/translations/translation.ja_JP.zip
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/translations/translation.pt_PT.zip
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/translations/translation.ro_RO.zip
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/translations/translation.sk_SK.zip
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/translations/translation.sv_SE.zip
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/translations/translation.zh_CN.zip
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/translations/translation.zh_TW.zip
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cudatext/files/addons/themes/theme.gruvbox.zip
